Update W.A.R. page (#539)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/index.md

web. This allowed a malicious website to [fingerprint][6] the extensions that a user has installed
or exploit vulnerabilities (for example [XSS bugs][7]) within installed extensions. 

Beginning with Manifest V2, access to those resources was limited to rotect the privacy of users. MV2
extensions exposed only those resources explicitly designated as web accessible.

Manifest V3 provides finer-grained control, letting you expose individual resources to specified
pages, domains, or extensions.
{% endAside %}

## Manifest declaration

An array of objects that declare resource access rules. Each object maps an array of
extension resources to an array of URLs and/or extension IDs that can access those resources.

```json
{
  ...
  "web_accessible_resources": [
    {
      "resources": [ "test1.png", "test2.png" ],
      "matches": [ "https://web-accessible-resources-1.glitch.me/*" ]
    }, {
      "resources": [ "test3.png", "test4.png" ],
      "matches": [ "https://web-accessible-resources-2.glitch.me/*" ],
      "use_dynamic_url": true
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```

Each object in the array contains these properties:
<dl>

>   <dt><code>resources</code></dt>
>   <dd>An array of resources to be exposed. Resources are specified as strings. Directories can be exposed using asterisks (e.g. `/images/*` exposes everything in the images directory).</dd>
>   <dt><code>matches</code></dt>
>   <dd>A list of URL match patterns specifying which pages can access the resources. Only the origin is used to match URLs; subdomains patterns (`*.google.com`) and paths are ignored.</dd>
>   <dt><code>extensions</code></dt>
>   <dd>A list of extension IDs, specifying which extensions can access the resources.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt><code>resources</code></dt>
  <dd>An array of resources to be exposed. Resources are specified as strings and may contain
  <code>*</code> for wildcard matches. For example, <code>"/images/*"</code> exposes everything in
  the extension's /images directory recursively while <code>"*.png"</code> exposes all PNG
  files.</dd>
  <dt><code>matches</code></dt>
  <dd>A list of URL match patterns specifying which pages can access the resources. Only the origin
  is used to match URLs; subdomains patterns (<code>*.google.com<code>) and paths are ignored.</dd>
  <dt><code>extensions</code></dt>
  <dd>A list of extension IDs, specifying which extensions can access the resources.</dd>
```

Replaces backticks with `<code>` tags, wraps at 100 characters, and clarifies wildcard behavior.

description: Reference documentation for the web_accessible_resources property of manifest.json.
---

Web-accessible resources are resources within an extension &mdash; images, icons, or other files
&mdash; that can be accessed by code on a web page or in another extension.

Access to resources is blocked by default; they are only exposed when specifically declared in the
`web_accessible_resources` element of the manifest.

{% Aside %}
Prior to Manifest V2 all resources within an extension could be accessed from any page on the
web. This allowed a malicious website to [fingerprint][6] the extensions that a user has installed
or exploit vulnerabilities (for example [XSS bugs][7]) within installed extensions. 

Beginning with Manifest V2, access to those resources was limited to rotect the privacy of users. MV2
extensions exposed only those resources explicitly designated as web accessible.

Manifest V3 provides finer-grained control, letting you expose individual resources to specified
pages, domains, or extensions.

> {% endAside %}

Author: I had considered and rejected that, but will keep thinking about this.

## Manifest declaration

An array of objects that specify accessiblity of resources. Each object maps a set of extension
resources to a set of URLs or extensions that can access those resources.

```json
{
  ...
  "web_accessible_resources": [
    {
      "resources": [ "test1.png", "test2.png" ],
      "matches": [ "https://web-accessible-resources-1.glitch.me/*" ]
    }, {
      "resources": [ "test3.png", "test4.png" ],
      "matches": [ "https://web-accessible-resources-2.glitch.me/*" ],

>       "use_dynamic_url": true

Reviewer 2: sg
